well what I'm going to show you here has
is to how to make a very basic rig from
all the way for fishing offshore reefs I
use is requite a lot it's very very
successful I do catch a lot of other
things apart from mono alder also catch
Toby a sniper sharks card and a variety
of other fish so bear with me a couple
of seconds to show you how to make a
very easy week first off about sixty to
eighty pound leader and better in length
further inland couple of metres travel
next is I'll run at 6:00 a can we get to
hook very strong very sharp never fail
it's hard on using a uni knot okay very
simple knot
you'll find this in most books magazines
okay stuck slide it down
I mustn't snug that cut the tag off now
what we do is from the other end I'm
going to put on another six Abe can we
get to hook star through the back of the
eye slide down this one's going to be
snail Don don't make it too short
because this rig see this week can run
whole squid live Vieques
slimey's mullet fill it's a whole
variety of things I smelled about yay I
think about six inches I usually do to
still the hook so it's gone through the
I've now just sort of just wrapped
around the shank a thousand times
once again Esther comments now you can
find it's not in most books find the
India later back through VI
pull up snug there go see two hoops no
brick now the top disregard for why
there now let's put a little lemon on
top a little C now the most important
part sinker but it catches with the
sinker depending offshore how much
current you've got there's what size
sink he used usually the lighter the
better the only fishin I'll show is
quite a bit of run so I just smash the
sinker to the size run just enough
weight to hold the live bait on the
bottom and efficient for jellies you
want to be fishing on the bottom so
let's think it needs to be and after C
getting there and that's basically
that's your mother way reach for
offshore sinker a bead globe bead about
five inches between hooks and that are
usually won't live yeah there's my
favorite
I don't like slime is too much they died
fairly easy if they do they make
excellent dead baits pilot butterfly to
end Phillips or if I get a nice old
fresh squid operative health fresh squid
on that it's deadly on Joey's and over
winter months cobia and that's it that's
a basic rig and for this end well I do
this dynasty abrade artists use a very
basic Albright not until I use Albright
night to the letter that to book rig
memo bead usually a live bait put on the
bottom and it never fails
I hope this helped thanks for watching